hey folks we found an unexpected gem
here at the Palm Beach Boat Show this
right here is a blackjack 224 you might
remember the old tenors they were built
by a guy named Bill Kenner built a
wonderful boat he started building these
black jacks a few years back and I'm so
excited to a famine here so we can take
a closer look the first thing I want to
show you is right underneath this aft
hatch you pop it open it comes up one
again and says strike you touch the
bottom it's fully finished it's a nice
well-built hatch you look inside and you
look at the Live Well you can see the
back of the Live Well here and you
notice it's been insulated with foam why
do that well that helps keep the
temperature of the water in there more
stable and your bait stays alive longer
it's a very small detail but an
important thing that really sets apart
this vote is a serious fishing boat up
here on the value we'll find more
evidence of years of boating experience
of course this is where most of your
fishing takes place right you're up here
casting usually you're going to have an
electric trolling motor method up here
well they were smart enough to mount a
trim switch for your outboard up here as
well so if you're out boards down and
you're using your trolling motor to get
around the water shallows up real quick
you can trim it up right from here if
you don't have to move there's another
example come on back here and look
inside of this storage compartment
you've got rod tubes up forward and
small shelves in the back so you can
stack rods in here send the tips up
these tubes and they're nice and safe
also notice that the latch is locking so
you can have the boat on your trailer
park it at McDonalds going for lunch
whatever you'll have to worry about your
gear getting ripped off finally one more
thing up here I got to show you in front
of the console there's a second law as
well that's great news for the guy who
likes a live bait fishing and doesn't
want to walk all the way back into the
stern or all the way up front
every time he needs another bait one
more thing about this boat it has a
sweet ride now we might not be able to
see trial today but I have spent an
entire day of read fishing on a
blackjack before if you're looking for a
23-foot bay boat this is definitely one
you want to check out
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters